{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10280\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HI THERE!\
\
Thank you so much for choosing our work. Just want to let you know that we are appreciated.\
\
This package contains graphic sources for 2D miniature fantasy characters (LOTR theme). All pivot is set. Prefab ready. Import package and you can animate them right away. Great for using in a Tower Defense Game, Strategy Game, or anything your heart desires.\
\
This package gives you 4 races, 10 classes for each race and more!\
*** No animations ***\
\
== Races ==\
Dwarf\
Elf\
Human\
Orc\
\
== Structure ==\
Body\
Head\
Shoulder\
Hand 1, Shield\
Hand 2, Weapon\
Foot 1\
Foot 2\
All layered by Z position\
\
== ETC. ==\
Plenty of weapons\
\
NOTE!\
1. You will get 1 prefab for each race, it works with all classes after some adjustment.\
2. See all classes I made for you in the scene \'93character-display\'94\
\
Plus, original PSD file. Allow you to adapt, re-design and create more character.\
\
Please don\'92t forget to rate and comment on our work. Let us know if something is bad or need to be fixed. We also listening for your request if anything you want us to do next :\}\
\
Cheers,\
mimustudio@gmail.com (Ploi)\
www.mimu-studio.com}